Clarify that in Python there is a week descriptor called 'fifth' (#3630)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/meetup/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Instructions append

## How this Exercise is Structured in Python

> There is another week descriptor, `fifth`, for the fifth weekday of the month, if there is one.  If there is not, you should raise an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added an additional week descriptor (`fifth`) for the fifth weekday of the month, if there is one.  
If there is not a fifth weekday in a month, you should raise an exception.
```
